Installation & Upgrade Documentation Changes (#653)
DNNCommunity/DNNDocs: content/getting-started/setup/requirements/index.md

## Recommended Environment

*   Most current Windows & IIS Environment Possible
*   Most Current SQL Server Available, minimum recommendation of SQL Server 2016

> *   **For developers:** Developer Editions of SQL provides best flexibility

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   **For developers:** Developer Editions of SQL provide the best flexibility
```
For the plural "Editions", "provide" is correct.
